and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to
Aaron and say to him when you arrange
the lamps the seven lamps shall give
light in front of the lampstand and
Aaron did so he arranged the lamps to
face toward the front of the lamp stand
as the LORD commanded Moses now this
workmanship of a lamp stand was hammered
gold from its shaft to its flowers it
was hammered work according to the
pattern which the Lord had shown Moses
so he made the lamp stand then the Lord
spoke to Moses take the Levites from
among the children of Israel and cleanse
them ceremonially thus you shall do to
them
to cleanse them sprinkle water of
purification on them and let them shave
all their body and let them wash their
clothes and so make themselves clean
then let them take a young bowl with its
grain offering of fine flour mixed with
oil and you shall take another young
bowl as a sin offering and you shall
bring the Levites before the tabernacle
of meeting and you shall gather together
the whole congregation of the children
of Israel so you shall bring the Levites
before the Lord and the children of
Israel shall lay their hands on the
Levite
and Aaron shall offer the Levites before
the Lord like a wave offering from the
children of Israel that they may perform
the work of the Lord
then the Levites shall lay their hands
on their heads of the young bulls and
you shall offer one as a sin offering
and the other as a burnt offering to the
Lord to make atonement for the Levites
and you shall stand the Levites before
Aaron and his sons and then offer them
like a wave offering to the Lord thus
you shall separate the Levites from
among the children of Israel and the
Levites shall be mine
after that the Levites shall go in to
service the tabernacle of meeting so you
shall cleanse them and offer them like a
wave offering for they are wholly given
to me from among the children of Israel
I have taken them for myself instead of
all who opened the womb the first form
of all the children of Israel for all
the firstborn among the children of
Israel are mine both man and beast on
the day that I struck all the firstborn
in the land of Egypt I sanctified them
unto myself I have taken the Levites
instead of all the firstborn of the
children of Israel and I have given the
Levites as a gift to Aaron and his sons
from among the children of Israel to do
the work for the children of Israel in
the tabernacle of meeting and to make
atonement for the children of Israel
that there be no plague among the
children of Israel when the children of
Israel come near the same
thus Moses and Aaron and all the
congregation of the children of Israel
did to the Levites according to all that
the LORD commanded Moses concerning the
Levites so the children of Israel did to
them and the Levites purified themselves
and washed their clothes then Aaron
presented them like a wave offering
before the Lord and Aaron made atonement
for them to cleanse them after that the
Levites went in to do their work in the
tabernacle of meeting before Aaron and
his sons as the LORD commanded Moses
concerning the Levites so they did to
them then the Lord spoke to Moses this
is what pertains to the Levites from 25
years old and above one may enter to
perform service in the work of the
tabernacle of meeting and at the age of
50 years they must cease performing this
work and shall work no more they may
minister with their brethren in the
tabernacle of meeting to attend to needs
but they themselves shall do no work
thus you shall do to the Levites
regarding their duties
you
[Music]